Your spot in paradise! Vista Del Mar, Belize.
Tired of the hustle and bustle? Looking for a place to build your forever home?
Or maybe a sweet scape from the city? We've got something special for you.
We are talking about a prime lot in Vista Del Mar.
One of the most peaceful and highly saught after communities just about eight miles away from Belize City.
This isn't just any piece of land, it's a place where you can relax and trully feel at home.
The land is ready to go, no need to worry, plus all the necessities are already there.
Water, electricity, internet, Vista del Mar is where you will find that nice quite life
sorrounded by folks who appreciate the same thing.
It's the perfect spot to build your house. Plant a beautiful garden and enjoy the sea breeze every single day.
Don't let this chance pass you by, a lot like this in a location this good wouldn't lost long.
Call today and make your dream of a house in Vista del Mar a reality!
[